well here we are boys here we are I'm
bringing back 2012 let's play YouTube
are you happy welcome to slender this is
the game about a tall skinny white man
who chases you through a forest at night
sounds a lot like the story of me and my
last girlfriend hey just a quick
heads-up before the video starts my new
u2's figure drops this Friday May 1st
with an all-new design
they call me smokestack you know and
it's all they've ever called me I got
the drip the money the cigar everything
you need to call the shots
last time I dropped the u2's figure it's
sold out fast so set your calendars for
May first cuz once this guy's gone he's
gone in the meantime you can go on over
to you - zé's Instagram page where we're
giving away a free figure and a thousand
dollars to you and a friend that you
tagged in a comments so go to you twos
as latest posts leave a comment tag and
a friend you also want to win and give
you Tuesday follow both of you guys have
to be following you twos to enter this
week we'll pick a winner and you'll both
walk away $1,000 richer piece of cake
thanks guys and enjoy this is another
one of those games that I've played zero
hours of and I'm just gonna jump into it
I know the basics right I really do know
the basics there's pages in a forest and
you have to find them pretty simple
concept I'm not gonna lie but I am here
at 3 in the morning all the lights are
off and honestly I'm kind of spooked
already I'm just remembering the story
of that 12 year old girl who lured a
another one of her friends out into the
forest and stabbed her 19 times to
appease the Slenderman so you really
just have to find some pages right
they're scattered around the map and
it's dark and then there you go chases
you every now and then but this should
be a cakewalk it really should be oh
this is the bathroom isn't it oh this is
the bathroom yes it is this is the
bathroom oh Jesus Christ
there's nothing here oh yes there is all
right I've got one of the papers looks
like there's some cracks in the linoleum
geez don't let a carpenter play this
game they'll get real scared we're at
the oil barrels now I'd be scared around
here too you see the price of oil
recently cost like under a dollar a
barrel
nobody's between them
there's nothing but twixt these all oh
here's a I got it on the paper voice
follows geez you keep tempting me with
these loose leaf papers I'm gonna have
to lure a twelve-year-old into the
forest pretty soon and stab them looks
like there's some rocks up here prime
candidate for for a page don't look or
it takes you takes me where New Jersey
no thanks he's right there he's right
there I'm gonna run I'm gonna run over
to run I'm gonna run I'm gonna run he's
just gonna get angry at me always
watches no eyes oh oh my God he's Helen
Keller I'm being chased
okay I'm gonna go with I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go that would explain why he
doesn't talk that would explain why he
doesn't say anything because not only is
he blind but he's also deaf and mute and
a [__] idiot
can I talk about Helen Keller for a
second I'm sorry if I if there are any
deaf people listening right now please
just back out of the page for a second I
don't know if you can I don't know if
there's a way to translate this into the
[__] dot language that you you you
idiot speak but okay we're back where we
were we're at the barrels we're at the
cheap barrels the price is plummeting
because of Saudi Arabia and Russia
battling over at capitalism at its
finest boys let me tell you let's keep
going through the woods I think I should
stick to the path
I got four of the eight pages but you
know what halfway isn't good enough this
funny-looking tree 100% that's got a
page there's a page right there
can't run watch me [__] they call me
Lightning McQueen let's go
one out of eight pages found and turn
the flashlight off just listen just take
in the nature you know it's a beautiful
night something on the end here perfect
perfect
always watches no eyes two out of eight
pages fanboys they call me the Blade
Runner oh there he is there he is there
is they call me the Blade Runner you
know why because in 1999 I burn slash a
12-year old after i lured her into the
forest we got a little wall ballcourt
beautiful and it's a paper here 3 out of
8 pages baby that's what I'm all about
boom where's the Slenderman [__]
where's the where the paper okay okay I
don't even see him I'll go in this
direction maybe maybe this is the what
the [__]
circumcised trees in the forest what are
they doing here
I'm a Catholic no no no no I don't want
any of this I don't want any of this oh
there's another paper beautiful
beautiful praise Yahweh dude he's
helping me out he's helping me out hey
guys I don't know if I'm supposed to be
in this class this intro to sociology
should I be oh my Rob my favorite rocks
okay there's gonna be something here are
they here there's something here
something in the rocks something in the
rocks yeah
yes yes sir is yes sir is yes sir sorry
[__] booklet bye-bye they bonhomie
he's [__] revving up his engine I
don't know what's going on he's gone I
didn't know he's got a Ford f-150 this
is not gonna stop is it it's just gonna
make this noise now this is just a new
normal
this is what I do now I just I just
listen I just listen to the hum it's
just white noise it's just white noise
I'm trying to have a good sleep because
the voices they think they they keep me
up they keep me up they keep me up
usually if I was surrounded by wood I'd
be happy but right now it's kind of
stressing me out all right I'll say it I
feel a little uneasy and unsafe what is
there I could talk about no I'm not
going to talk about gay porn I know
that's what you're thinking about but
listen I'm not that kind of guy collect
all eight pages this time it's gonna
happen yes yes there we go there we go
and run yes I can I'm no paraplegic you
ever seen those Olympic Games with the
paraplegics as they try and do a
100-meter dash I'm not gonna add
anything for that thought I just think
you should google it and and and don't
laugh because that would be rude if if
you laughed at that
that's that those are people who suffer
greatly I'm pretty sure if you like I'm
gonna put it up on screen for a second
I'm pretty sure if you laugh at
something like this this this is this is
I mean you're going straight to hell
two pages already this is exactly what
you like to see this is exactly the kind
of game play you subscribe to the
channel for and you know what I don't
fault you for that because sometimes
it's nice to have it you know funny guys
say funny words and then and maybe go to
a bridge and say something even funnier
than usual but sometimes it's nice to
have some good gameplay to AH the
bathrooms my favorite part of the game
and you know what I'm walking straight
in what way am I gonna go don't know
maybe this way whoa maybe I make a right
turn now surely surely this is the way
oh god oh god
okay alright alright I'll come back
later
I'll come back later slight turn to the
left keep making a slight turn to the
left he's not gonna see it coming I'm
zooming around like it's the Indy 500
coming back to the bathroom Here I am
again
Here I am again Papa's going in baby ah
that's right and which way was it it was
a left and then a left it was a left and
then a left there was a left
and then there was a left oh it was not
all for nothing there's no helping you
you're dead my friend white off I walk
into the abyss
it's pretty nice when you're not being
chased you know you could light up a
nice little Cuban cigar
you can practice Russian with your
friends who aren't luring you into the
forest to kill you you could say
something like pretty Viet doc deala and
then they'd say what the [__] you
talking Russian for we're in that we're
in the middle of a forest we lost the
GPS died and then I say something like
it yeah yeah yeah hate you thought about
that which they don't understand cuz it
you know it's in Russian but okay here
we go
but it doesn't matter cuz you've got the
first paper and that's what it's all
about life is all about finding paper at
the end of the day it really is if
you're not getting paper what are you
what are you getting right you ain't
getting a girl that's for sure in a way
this game kind of is a metaphor for life
you're in a forest by yourself
scared alone trying to find paper trying
to get that bag but there's someone who
keeps chasing you and he wants your
paper he wants everything you've got
some might call him Barak I don't like
this I'm not I'm not far enough to be
struggling like this I mean it's only
two papers in dude okay this is the
truck alright that's the truck I found
the first thing in which means which
means that the the the cement hanger is
gonna be this way yes okay it's right
there it's right there perfect so I'm
gonna I'm gonna walk right by and I'm
gonna go right all the bathrooms great
my favorite place to be there's there's
going to be something in here he's
definitely gonna be in here too I'm not
gonna lie I'm not gonna sugarcoat okay
let's take this let's get the
I'll [__] out get the [__] out get the
[__] out go this way go this way
go this way Mama's are so proficient in
gathering papers on the second run I'm
only at three here and I feel fun hey
maybe I'm just not cut out for it you
know maybe I'm not the speed runner I
thought I was maybe it's just not meant
to be and that's okay some things aren't
meant to be like like Millennials and
Happiness oh [__] oh [__] oh [__] [__]
me
Scott damn my tiny dick god damn I Tatti
kept here we go here we go here we go
paper acquired paper acquired hands are
freezing the freezing cold right now
[__] [__] [__] [__] [__] he's [__]
behind me okay I'm in the clear I'm in
the clear I'm not in the clear I'm not
in the clear I'm not a clear I'm not a
clear [__] what's going on
this one is gonna be a serious as [__]
playthrough this one is gonna be
stone-cold serious voice no commentary
necessary
this is just pure skill right here
witness something right here yes
give me that page going through going
through the bathrooms not like in this
building at all I really don't like it
was in here but this is a dead end
you can't get out this way so if he's in
here and [__] no paper no paper how is
there no [__] paper dude [__] that's
the only way that's the only way that's
the only [__] way he's not gonna be
there he's not gonna be there it's not
that I'm so confident
[Music]
thank you thank you for once you be kind
for once you got some paper on you yes
thank you thank you thank you sir yes
there is there's there's a sheet there's
a sheet there's a sheet okay I'm turning
around the same way I came from
okay wall ball low ball beautiful
there's a band there's paper and this
paper one is good enough for out of
eight this is this this is the run this
is the run I can feel it in my blood
this is the run the rocks are around
here I know they aren't I know they are
no no no it's the wrong tape it's the
wrong turn it's the wrong turn [__] [__]
holy [__] holy [__] what the [__] was
that what the [__] no no leave me alone
man leave me loud I'm so close
give me something there's nothing here
man there's nothing here
I've seen nothing let's just [__]
pissing me off this is [__] pissing
me off
now man I'm mad and I'm scared as well
I'm scared as well but I'm also mad a
man of energy man this [__] has no lung
capacity bro where's the oil like
where's the oil where they were the
tankers the huge [__] field of
tankers everything is just gone dude I'm
out of stamina again
[__] [__] [__] [__]
[Music]